docs(contributing/coding-guidelines): add launch files documentation for ROS nodes guidelines (#287)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/contributing/coding-guidelines/ros-nodes/launch-files.md

```txt
                                                        autoware_launch
                                                                |
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
|                       |                           |                       |                       |                       |
tier4_vehicle_launch    tier4_localization_launch   tier4_system_launch tier4_sensing_launch    tier4_perception_launch    ...
                                |
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
|               |                   |                           |
pose_estimator twist_estimator    pose_twist_fusion_filter     ...
                                        |
                    ─────────────────────────────────────────
                    |                   |                   |
                    ekf_localizer    stop_filter        twist2accel

> ```

Reviewer: Can you convert this into a mermaid diagram?
You can follow https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-diagrams to do it.

Reviewer 2: Also, I'd like to add a note that says `tier4_*_launch` are just samples and anyone can propose their own launch packages.

Author: The pr has updated as required

### Create or add a new package in Autoware

If a newly created package has executable node, we expect sample launch file and configuration within the package, just like the recommended structure shown in previous [directory structure](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/contributing/coding-guidelines/ros-nodes/directory-structure/) page.

In order to automatically load the newly added package when starting Autoware, you may choose to call its launch file at certain place. For example, if using ICP instead of NDT as the pointcloud registration algorithm, you can modify the `tier4_localization_launch/launch/pose_estimator/pose_estimator.launch.xml` file to load the newly added ICP package.

## Future updates

> How we organize configuration files.

Reviewer 3: We can work on this once https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_launch/issues/66 is closed

Author: > We can work on this once [autowarefoundation/autoware_launch#66](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_launch/issues/66) is closed

Thanks! After the issue is finished, I will make some update.

# Launch files

## Overview

> Autoware use ROS2 launch system to startup the software. Please see the [official documentation](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Intermediate/Launch/Launch-Main.html) to get a basic understanding about ROS 2 Launch system if you are not familiar with it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Autoware uses ROS 2 launch system to startup the software. Please see the [official documentation](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Intermediate/Launch/Launch-Main.html) to get a basic understanding about ROS 2 Launch system if you are not familiar with it.
```

## Guideline

### The organization of launch files in Autoware

Autoware mainly has two repositories related to launch file organization: the [autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe) and the [autoware_launch](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_launch).

#### autoware.universe

> the `autoware.universe` contains the code of the main Autoware modules, and its `launch` directory is responsible for launching the nodes of each module. Autoware software stack is organized based on the [architecture](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/design/autoware-architecture/#high-level-architecture-design), so you may find that we try to match the launch structure similar to the architecture (splitting of files, namespace). For example, the `tier4_map_launch` subdirectory corresponds to the map module, so do the other `tier4_*_launch` subdirectories.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `autoware.universe` contains the code of the main Autoware modules, and its `launch` directory is responsible for launching the nodes of each module. Autoware software stack is organized based on the [architecture](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/design/autoware-architecture/#high-level-architecture-design), so you may find that we try to match the launch structure similar to the architecture (splitting of files, namespace). For example, the `tier4_map_launch` subdirectory corresponds to the map module, so do the other `tier4_*_launch` subdirectories.
```
